                      Chinese Sweet And Sour Chicken

Recipe By     :
Serving Size  : 1    Preparation Time :0:00
Categories    : Poultry                          Egg Whites
                Asian                            Noodles
                Pasta

  Amount  Measure       Ingredient -- Preparation Method
--------  ------------  --------------------------------
   3                    chicken breast halves -- skinned, boned
                        oil (for deep frying)
   1                    egg white
   3      Tbsp.         cornstarch
   1      Can           unsweetened pineapple chunks with juice -- (8
oz.)
   1      Tbsp.         vegetable oil
   2                    green peppers -- cut in strips
   1 1/2  C.            chicken stock
   1      Tbsp.         light brown sugar
   1      Tbsp.         vinegar
   2      Tbsp.         soy sauce
     1/4  C.            water
                        hot cooked rice or chow mein noodles

Slice chicken breasts lengthwise in narrow strips. In a
wok or deep heavy skillet, pour oil to a 1 1/2 inch depth.
Heat oil to 350 degrees. In a small bowl, beat egg white until
frothy. Add 1 teaspoon cornstarch; continue beating. Gradual-
ly add 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons cornstarch, beating until
egg whites form soft peaks. Dip chicken strips, 1 at a time,
in egg white mixture; drain over bowl. Fry strips in hot oil,
a few at a time, until evenly browned. Drain on paper towel.
Repeat with remaining chicken. Pour oil from wok or skillet;
discard. Wipe skillet clean with paper towel. Drain pineap-
ple, reserving juice. Place skillet over high heat. Add 1
tablespoon oil. When hot, add green peppers. Stir-fry 2 to 3
minutes or until crisp-tender. Pour in reserved pineapple
juice and steak. Add sugar, vinegar and soy sauce. Stir to
blend. In a small bowl, combine water and remaining 1 table-
spoon cornstarch. Stir cornstarch mixture into simmering
pineapple juice mixture. Add pineapple chunks and fried
chicken strips, stirring until sauce has thickened. Serve hot
over rice. Makes 4 to 6 servings.